docs(metric-alerts): Explain available search properties (#6360)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/create-alerts/metric-alert-config.mdx

- `event.type:error`
- `event.type:transaction`

### Tags & Properties

Add filters in the provided input to narrow down what you'll be alerted about, such as URL, tags, or other event properties. Available properties depend on your alert's event type. For error events all error properties are available. See [Searchable Properties](/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties/#event-properties) for a full list. For transaction events, only five properties are available: `release`, `transaction`, `transaction.status`, `transaction.op`, and `http.method`.

#### Invalid Filters

> Sentry will not allow you to create alerts that include invalid or unavailable properties. However, this does not affect pre-existing alerts. Pre-existing alerts that use unavailable fields will continue to work, however you will have not be able to edit them or duplicate them without removing the unavailable properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Sentry won’t allow you to create new alerts with invalid or unavailable properties, any existing alerts with unavailable fields won’t be affected. But if you need to edit or duplicate them, you'll need to remove the unavailable properties.
```
